go I translated the breathing sequel the
breath control to percentage breathing
so that would be easier for people to
follow and learn the meditations the the
breath control is actually the
meditation the core of the meditation
the the important pilot of meditation
because without the breath control the
militant will be route useless according
to our family art now that the birth
control translation is into percentage
which is easier to follow
rather than I will breathe and you
follow now if I brief you follow it'll
be very difficult to follow okay so now
we do the meditation take a deep breath
let it all out
take a deep breath
let it all out take a third breath let
it all out and take a nice deep breath
let 80% out now deep breath let all out
Nadi prep this 50% of now deep breath
let it all out
Nadi prep let 40% of now a deep breath
that all out now deep breath that's 30%
of deep breath that all out now deep
breath let 10% out now deep breath let
all out and then breathe normally
contacting the roof of your mouth when
you're doing these meditations and also
do the breathing sequel the breath
control before you start the limitation
now the some of the medication resemble
Chi Chi but it's not okay these are
healing meditation for health and
perhaps self-defense too
most of most of these meditations will
have the same name
that's repeated this hotel home breeze
on top of the ocean
now do the meditation or a little bit
for a little while and see if you have
see if you get result from it if you can
be solved from it you would feel the
energy in your hand and your body and
you feel like when you're doing the
meditation you feel light and you'll be
able to feel the energy ending with you
and then you'll be able to heal try it
out you you are you you learn the
meditation from from this from this from
here and then go try out on your on your
friends if it works then it's good but
if it doesn't work then it's not good
but it should work okay because I don't
know you guys you you guys hope you will
be watching it on YouTube so I have no
contact with it with any M anyone of you
so therefore the proof is in the results
and if it produce results then it's real
even if it does not if it doesn't
produce result then it's not real okay
thank you for your support